new resource `azurerm_arc_kubernetes_provisioned_cluster_instance` (#27143)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/arc_kubernetes_provisioned_cluster_instance.html.markdown

* `network_profile` - (Required) A `network_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

---

* `cluster_vm_access_profile` - (Optional) A `cluster_vm_access_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

* `license_profile` - (Optional) A `license_profile` block as defined below.

* `linux_profile` - (Optional) A `linux_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

* `storage_profile` - (Optional) A `storage_profile` block as defined below.

---

A `agent_pool_profile` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Agent Pool. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

* `vm_size` - (Required) The VM sku size of the agent pool node VMs. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

> * `auto_scaling_enabled` - (Optional) Should the auto scaling be enabled? Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `auto_scaling_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable auto scaling. Defaults to `false`.
```

Author: updated

* `count` - (Optional) The number of nodes in the agent pool. Defaults to `1`.

* `max_count` - (Optional) The maximum number of nodes for auto scaling.

* `max_pods` - (Optional) The maximum number of pods that can run on a node.

* `min_count` - (Optional) The minimum number of nodes for auto scaling.

* `node_labels` - (Optional) The node labels to be persisted across all nodes in agent pool.

* `node_taints` - (Optional) The taints added to new nodes during node pool create and scale. For example, `key=value:NoSchedule`.

* `os_sku` - (Optional) The OS SKU used by the agent pool nodes. Possible values are `CBLMariner`, `Windows2019` and `Windows2022`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

> * `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type for the agent pool nodes. Defaults to `Linux`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `os_type` - (Optional) The OS type for the agent pool nodes. Possible values are `Windows` and `Linux`. Defaults to `Linux`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

---

A `cloud_provider_profile` block supports the following:

* `infra_network_profile` - (Required) A `infra_network_profile` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

---

A `cluster_vm_access_profile` block supports the following:

* `authorized_ip_ranges` - (Optional) The ranges of IP Address or CIDR for SSH access to VMs in the provisioned cluster. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

---

A `control_plane_profile` block supports the following:

> * `vm_size` - (Required) VM sku size of the control plane nodes. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vm_size` - (Required) The VM sku size of the control plane nodes. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

* `count` - (Optional) The number of control plane nodes. The count should be an odd number. Defaults to `1`.

> * `host_ip` - (Optional) The IP Address of the Kubernetes API server. Conflicts with `network_profile.0.load_balancer_profile`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `host_ip` - (Optional) The IP Address of the Kubernetes API server. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

~> **NOTE:** The `control_plane_profile.host_ip` and `load_balancer_profile` cannot be specified together.

---

A `infra_network_profile` block supports the following:

> * `vnet_subnet_ids` - (Required) Specifies a list of ARM resource IDs (maximum 1) for the infrastructure network object with `Microsoft.AzureStackHCI/logicalNetworks` or `Microsoft.HybridContainerService/virtualNetworks` resource type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vnet_subnet_ids` - (Required) Specifies a list of ARM resource IDs for the infrastructure network object with `Microsoft.AzureStackHCI/logicalNetworks` or `Microsoft.HybridContainerService/virtualNetworks` resource type.
```

Author: updated

---

A `license_profile` block supports the following:

* `azure_hybrid_benefit` - (Optional) Whether Azure Hybrid Benefit is opted in. Defaults to `NotApplicable`.

---

A `linux_profile` block supports the following:

> * `ssh_key` - (Required) A list of certificate public key used to authenticate with VMs through SSH. The certificate must be in PEM format with or without headers. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ssh_key` - (Required) A list of certificate public keys used to authenticate with VMs through SSH. The certificate must be in PEM format with or without headers. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

---

A `load_balancer_profile` block supports the following:

* `count` - (Required) The number of HA Proxy load balancer VMs. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

~> **NOTE:** The `load_balancer_profile` and `control_plane_profile.host_ip` cannot be specified together.

---

A `network_profile` block supports the following:

> * `network_policy` - (Required) Network policy used for building Kubernetes network. Possible value is `calico`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `network_policy` - (Required) The network policy used for building Kubernetes network. The only possible value is `calico`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

* `pod_cidr` - (Required) A CIDR notation IP Address range from which to assign pod IPs. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

> * `load_balancer_profile` - (Optional) A `load_balancer_profile` block as defined above.Conflicts with `control_plane_profile.0.host_ip`. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `load_balancer_profile` - (Optional) A `load_balancer_profile` block as defined above. Changing this forces a new Arc Kubernetes Provisioned Cluster Instance to be created.
```

Author: updated

---

A `storage_profile` block supports the following:

> * `nfs_csi_driver_enabled` - (Optional) Should the NFS CSI Driver be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `nfs_csi_driver_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the NFS CSI Driver. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: updated

> * `smb_csi_driver_enabled` - (Optional) Should the SMB CSI Driver be enabled? Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `smb_csi_driver_enabled` - (Optional) Whether to enable the SMB CSI Driver. Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: updated
